Update documentation with fixes raised by Vale report (#577)
canonical/indico-operator: docs/tutorial.md

## Requirements
- A working station, e.g., a laptop, with amd64 architecture.

> - Juju three installed and bootstrapped to a MicroK8s controller. You can accomplish this process by using a Multipass VM as outlined in this guide: [Set up / Tear down your test environment](https://juju.is/docs/juju/set-up--tear-down-your-test-environment)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- vale off -->
- Juju 3 installed and bootstrapped to a MicroK8s controller. You can accomplish this process by using a Multipass VM as outlined in this guide: [Set up / Tear down your test environment](https://juju.is/docs/juju/set-up--tear-down-your-test-environment)
<!-- vale on -->
```
I think we should leave the "3" alone since it's a version number, and just add flags for Vale to ignore the line
